We're Night Lunch and we hope you're hungry. We're night lunch and I hope you brought your school ids. We're night lunch and the cafeteria is now open. We're night lunch and we hope you brought petty cash. We're night lunch like regular lunch but we happen at night. We're night lunch fighter of the day lunch. We're night lunch we came to kick ass and eat sandwiches and we're all out of sandwiches. We're night lunch and we hope you like papusas. We're night lunch and we're officially out of burgers. We're night lunch and we are officially out of tater tots. Tater tots for all. We're night lunch and there will be no leftovers. Night Lunch party of 4. Your table is ready. Assume the papusa position. First album: bananas frantic. Second album: phantom papusas. Your fingerprints on my shoulder prick me in the heart with a flicker and a spark. There’s a place we’d go where nobody could know hide out so far we were a glimmer in the dark. There’s a mirror in my house that keeps filling me with doubt, I’m all alone even when everybody’s home. I’m breathing out your name, crystal covered windowpanes not even rain could wash the stain of you away. And I just want to love you. I keep tripping on my soliloquy because I can’t find the rhyme to make this revelation mine. These shadows pour down this pretty story book town: a mountainside and a valley pooled with wine. There a lighting storm breaking the desert morning: waves of glass and a wind whispering past. I’ll sing you a song. The words have gone all wrong. You’ll see the dreams I’ve woven in-between. And I just want to love you. The way you say goodnight, the shivers up my spine, your voice the match that strikes my veins alight. And I just want to love you. There’s a humdrum beat, stuck inside my soul, and there’s a hungry need, hunting in my bones. My will to break it in is fucking ordinary. I’m faking to escape. And the trees are on fire tonight. Think I’ve been burning for this all my life. There’s a magic word on the tip of my tongue. Don’t say it’s over, we’ve just begun. I’ve been dreaming here for year and years, thinking never ever after would always be here. My hopelessness is turning into surrender, another love letter, no header, return to sender. Please please please can someone hear me now? If I say what I need, would you be here somehow? There’s a spark in my throat I’m crushing into and ember, driving to forget but I always remember. And the trees are on fire tonight. Think I’ve been burning for this all my life. There’s a magic word on the tip of my tongue. Don’t say it’s over, we’ve just begun. And I never imagined this: a moment I’m unable to make to miss. And you’re a nemesis I’ve been trying to kiss. Fuck this plot twist. I always miss. And the trees are on fire tonight. And I’m drowning in the burning light. A magic word is on the tip of my tongue. Ready steady don’t wait, we’ve just begun. And the trees are on fire tonight. Think I’ve been burning for this all my life. There’s a magic word on the tip of my tongue. Don’t say it’s over, we’ve just begun. And she said kiss me once in the dead of night. We’ll both be gone by the sight of that bright sunlight. Just give me one more memory before I’m alone. Who knew a ghost’s worst fear would be letting go? And this house is haunted by lovers. This house is filled with songs of the others. This house is haunted by lovers. This house can’t belong to another. There’s a weeping tree fed by tears of goodbye: a last farewell is sung to the tune of a lie. We’ll meet beyond the copse of trees by the river, remember broken promises to forgive. And this house is haunted by lovers. This house is filled with songs of the others. This house is haunted by lovers. This house can’t belong to another. And we can watch the world go by. Just you and I never dreaming we’d die in the twilight gaze of a lovers’ embrace. And this house is haunted by lovers. This house is filled with songs of the others. This house is haunted by lovers. This house can’t belong to another. Found me a boy with dirty hands making dirty plans and a dirty stand. Said there ain’t anything he won’t do if you pay the right penny or two. There’s a devil here in blackened gloves, and he fights without mercy and he lives without love. Found me a boy with dirty hands already a wanted man. Find me a girl with hidden knives, blackened hair, and sharpened eyes. Flits like a shadow a wraith come alight, caught between crooked and right. There’s a devil here tearing through the night and she fights without mercy and she lives without light. Find me a girl with hidden knives and you’ll never come back alive. I saw a city on the brink of war, through death’s open door all the wreckage in store. Blood-stained streets and flooding moors
and villains still craving more. There are devils here hiding in the sky, bartering souls for the sweetest of lies. Find me a city burned to ash where your first sights will be your last.




